Update README.md (#79)
honeycombio/examples: golang-wiki-tracing/README.md

2. To represent a unit of work within a trace as a span, add code to generate a span ID and capture the start time. At the **call site** of the unit of work, pass down a new request context with the newly-generated span ID as the `parentId`. Upon work completion, send the span with a calculated `durationMs`.
3. Rinse and repeat.

> **Note**: Sound complicated? The [Opentelemetry for Go](https://github.com/honeycombio/opentelemetry-go) handles all of this propagation magic for you :)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: Sound complicated? The [Opentelemetry for Go](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go) handles all of this propagation magic for you :)
```

- If emitting Honeycomb events or structured logs, make sure that the **start** time gets used as the canonical timestamp, not the time at event emission.
- Remember, the root span should **not** have a `parentId`.
- Don't forget to add some metadata of your own! It's helpful to identify metadata in the surrounding code that might be interesting when debugging your application.

> - Check out [Opentelemetry for Go](https://github.com/honeycombio/opentelemetry-go) to get this context propagation for free!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Check out [Opentelemetry for Go](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go) to get this context propagation for free!
```

## A Note on Code Style

The purpose of this example is to illustrate the **bare minimum necessary** to propagate and set identifiers to enable tracing on an application for consumption by Honeycomb, illustrating the steps described in the top section of this README. We prioritized legibility over style and intentionally resisted refactoring that would sacrifice clarity. :)

Are you grossed out by the code? Fortunately, there are a number of options beyond this DIY approach:

> - Use the [Opentelemetry for Go](https://github.com/honeycombio/opentelemetry-go)!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use the [Opentelemetry for Go](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go)!
```
